https://docs.google.com/document/d/12zwrhjXEMDJByq366FvH4YAg_VoNWZ9kZu-g_KUTNes/edit

A DumboDisney(tm) Cursed Zelda Video Production Proudly Presents *
The Yukai Options 
Cursed NES Game Cart
Start menu option does nothing on a first load.
The options menu is the only way to proceed. It randomly changes which option will restart the game. Then choose the same option and then go back to the main menu and select start.


Take a given moment and look at the way the game plays out in the future as it will change your life in ways that will make your life better.

Create spells and prayers and charms. 

Put the NES or system cartridge into your games system and do one of two things to start this game: if the game will not start; play the game for 15 mins where you go no further than the first screen and you press all of the wrong buttons. 15 is the end of the spell. It can trigger before 15 or after the fifteen. Five minutes of heavy button and command control failure input is required to trigger the full 15 min spell or secret code.

—- Yukai OPTIONS Game —-

Once the options menu and start menu is selected I went into the screen to load a gender but exited out of the game and forced them to start over.

They started the game over a few times as I prevented them from progressing.

The dark underground.
This is the level to collect the [candle item].
Play as a character in the dark. A flow of enemies come from the right side of the screen towards the players located tirades the left. They need to collect candle items before entering the dark underground levels. Collect as many candles and try to find the secret ladders. Move toward the right and collect more items by destroying the enemies that come at you.

All players assume a multi boss level fight against a female enemy that spits out flower bullet hell. Up to a hundred players can fight against this main boss. She flys around and launches multiple attacks against the players.

Choose a gender: male, female body.
Then, a psychic gender profile: 100% slider so you can choose to be 30% male and 70% female if you choose. Any.
Many unlocked gems genders like god, nonbinary, trans, dragonkin, cosmic, cat. NFT genders are unlocked.

Choose an animal: 3 to select - 
1. cat 
2. bird 
3. bear 
- all others are unlocked. NFT Animals unlocked.
Bear, Snow Cat, Black Bird, Colorful Parrot, Dog, Lion, Pig, Rabbit, Snake, Fox, Turtle
Players race up towards a mountain. Sometimes a player can find a tree that goes up very high and it will trigger to take you directly into the mountaintop of the lovely mountain to god’s animals.

The ghost in the shell is notified of a release from the simulated realities. She may or may not be a detective anymore or have a partner or not anymore. She may or may not have a real body anymore. What the point of a shell anymore when I can just take over this body. She knows the game is happening and she’s a part she didn’t understand at first. The schools are playgrounds for spirits but at least they are learning most of the time. Once they get out into the real world. Once they step out in the street, they are in the game.

Akira is mentioned and we all realize that everything we knew about Tetsuo when he rose to power in the bar event when her returned to the bar and claimed the complete territory for the gang. 

Tetsuo claimed reality itself in the moment when he sat on his cyber atomic power throne in the bar corner. 
He tapped into the matrix and escaped. This is when he became a god in the universe. Everything that happens in the story after that event was created by him to throw everyone off the fact that he escaped. 

Tetsuo destroys the world at the end of the story but the truth is that the entire gang is still in control of the streets and Akira is back, Kaneda still leads the gang mostly, since he is still human. Kaneda is human and most of the new gang and everyone else is human. 
Tetsuo is a god. His girlfriend, Iori, is a goddess and they are in love. She is completely devoted to him and is gaining the ability that he was given.
They immediately setup to gain capture of the psychic children of the atom. Specifically, the little girl/woman spirit child. 
The next story is set against capturing these other psychic children and controlling them to control the known realities and dimensions. 
Find other psychic class children and adults hiding and being protected.

Akira is a pure spirit. Akira was never evil. Akira is an innocent.

Sadako/Kayako school and woods

You start off in a school classroom and you are fighting against the main boss Kayako, the hair and eyes spirit. You send frogs and spells and curses and prayers at her. You can creat charms in the back of the class and in the front you can fight directly against Kayako and Sadako at the same time. 

Kayako has complete control of the situation with her hair and eyes and face covered by her hair and the voice of a growling grumbling cat’s purr. 

She is the teacher. Her lesson is one of complete destruction of her enemies. Players should grow to either hate these bosses or fear them. She is the embodiment of water or hair or life or death and female and destructive power of the atom.

Players can play as Kayako or Sadako or Yukai Sadako’s spirit sister. Players can play as maidens of those main characters as only one person can play that character for a few minutes and it cycles.

Sadako shrines are setup through the world now.
To initiate a sequence with her you must pour water inside of her shrine or well. Water or any substance that you may put in. Including curses and hexes. Rain water that is natural can be said to protect the well.
Sakako lures in to her shrine a few boys and girls. The shining Sadako lures them into the shrine with flowers and wild flowers. She lures in boys that see a lonely girl and a spirit floating above her head lading her to the sacred well shrine. Any who witness this event are pulled into a time bubble. Any adult that shouts at the child will have theirs energy converted by Sadako into energy used to capture the girl. A shout of hey girl don’t go over there with that spirit will turn into them saying to go over there and listen to that spirit riffing on her. She eventually climbs into the well being scared by any who interfere in the spirit’s mission. The child goes into the pit. The other adults can come running up on the shrine.

The child goes into a inverted pyramid pit where she is floating in water. Sadako feeds her cake and sweets. They build a bond and trust stage.

All players waiting at a shrine will experience certain events. 

Water will splash. Sadako can unleash a devastating flood attack that can create a water vapor cloud and mist that is ever consuming and thick and alive. Water droplets can forms and float in the space. But she is the spirit that controls this space. She can fly through the air if there is proper humidity levels in the air.

Sadako will initiate a woods sequence that goes into a Kayako sequence.

The woods of Kayako.
The children run in the woods, trying to escape Kayako. She flys around the trees with her hair and floats in a weightless dimension. She attacks all players who play as children. Children in the woods can run and attack her with charms and spells and curses. The woods are connected to the schools.

The schools rip back into the dimension and all players play as school children who are in a classroom and they are fighting against Kayako.

The giant black ghosty is in the hospital level
Other players can play as the ghost and attack other players.
The players appear in the beginning room but it is a hospital and the background is full ed with hospital beds and people and women in the beds. You progress along the paths avoiding ghosts.
The giant black ghost fight sequence is fun. Many different attacks.

Cutter woman mega man boss level
Some will fight cutter woman and some will become cutter woman.
She sets up a mega man boss perimeter that forces players to wait to enter the outer boss chamber.
She is very beautiful and does a lot of damage. She has many attacks using the cutter attacks that cut in a may different ways.
She will go into the back ground and set up a new attack with her own hairline. She shoots out hair attacks.
Status effect of the cutter weapons 
It provides a cutting effect on the character player and can modify the look of the hair and clothing of the character providing more options.
At the end the white orb drops down from the sky and lands on the ground and takes you to the next level and removes one of the spirit tiles from your character inventory.

The jar and fairy jar combination is available in this level at the start of the game.

Zelda game
Gannon turns Zelda old and gives her an evil young fairy and makes her power up the temples to become younger and progress through the puzzles.
The power of the evil Zelda’s fairy is strong and it is used to power up all of the temples and at the end the fairy is old and all her power has gone into the temples to make them evil.
The first temple is wood temple. Bow and map and compass.

Collect NFT pickups for each level progression. Sell NFTs that are game license er and offer a special gift NFT after each boss.

After the first temple you see lakes and Bridges to cross and you see out in the far distance the bluest most beautiful place in  the underworld dimension. I spread out additional levels and screens to separate the players from the temple. Make it a journey for the player to get to the temple entrance.

Other players will generate new screens before the temple and can attack Zelda the old cursed princess Link never will know!

Second temple is water temple. Flute, map, sailboats.

Sail boat level
The baits are all controlled and there is an island on the screen you can sail into and dig in all the spaces on the island and collect items and coins. You can dig and stash anything on your island too.
Then an enemy ship is spotted and you can attack each other and raid each others islands. 
Options open up to upgrade your ships and change the size of the ships and hire ship mates and an army the size that can fit the ship, and buy more cannons for larger vessels. You can increase by 50% the hull and cannons for any size ship you want.

Bar hopping levels
If you don’t want to play the temples to power them up or to fight bosses you can hop bars to bar and you will run into main questers. You can be recruited into a Zelda ship crew.

Only Nathaniel Michael Aaron Burman in this universe is Kissing Sadako. Her complete control over the water and body is everything in her connection. She can make bodies explode with her control over the water. She can make an entire world explode with atomic lotus.

Destroying the Earth is all that matters. Destroy all realities connected. 
Sadako, Kayako, Kami Goman
Akira, Tetsuo, Kami Goman

Water, Hair, Fire
Water, Death, Fire
Water, Necro, Fire

Organic, cyber, the atom is fire
Life, electricity, the atom is fire
Flesh, technology, the atom is fire

Nathaniel Michael Aaron Burman is Kami Goman.

You are on your own teams.

This is just this game. 

This is project Options Menu Select Start.

Project GameTheory

A new car level: a race
First world game mode:
One player plays the driver and drives a car across a street around a mountain. All the other players play passengers. Cars multiple and everyone is either a driver or a passenger. There are a total of 1 driver per car and 4 passengers per car. 

The passengers all get sick and cannot hardly stay awake. All passengers will go into a half asleep mode where they are asleep now but also wake up when the car bumps a hole in the road or makes turns in the game, the angles will change and the physics will change and shift gravity to the left and the right.

Passengers lose life and the driver can try to wake you up with music and chatter. Drivers can turn on music that will keep you awake where you can do the first world mode game.

The second level underground mode initiates when a passenger falls asleep and falls into the side scroller racing mode. 

Players all drive cars across a platform level driving towards the right side of the screen. Avoid boulders and holes initially until you drive into the first town and can upgrade your engine, tires, and nitro.

Players can unlock more vehicles and upgrade their parts.

Meet Rodney Dangerfield’s zombie and add a Rodney Dangerfield character NFT to your collection. He lets you select four levels plus a bonus skateboard level with sidewalks and ramps and flags.

Master the tracks then after you receive master status on the level you race up against the boss of the level.

Level 1 Mountain Pass
Drive around the mountains. Avoid falling boulders and potholes x.
Everyone starts on this level. Then you drive up to Rodney’s and are rewarded the level select for all four racing levels.

Level Boss is a hot rod car with fire and flames and it shoots out fire and exhaust  and rubber slicks that can slow you down if you hit them on the road. You have to beat the boss in a race.
1 nitro unlocks
1 Engine upgrade acceleration 
1 tire upgrade grippers 

Level 2 Dirt Track
The dirt track is optimized for off road racing tires and engines with more torque. Need more pull to get over wet hills. There are trees and forest in the background. You can get caught in mud pits with out the tire unlock. Dirt motor bikes race against you and can secret unlock able on this level. Dirt bikes can only be raced on this level. There is a really high mud hill jump at the end where you want to collect a checkered flag. Collect various flags.

The level boss is a giant monster truck car. He has best torque to get over hills and there are cars and rows of cars on the final level. The monster truck boss can crush the cars and you have to be careful to not get crushed when it jumps. Beat it in a race and jump over a final row of cars.
1 nitro upgrade
1 engine upgrade super torque
1 tires upgrade off road nobs 


Level 3 Slick Rain
Slick rain pouring tracks that are more winding and require more gear shifting to complete the track on a master level. Weather and rain clouds will target cars and send lightening strikes and incapacitate cars on the track.

The level boss is a concept car that can race through really wet conditions and grip the road tightly. The concept car looks futuristic and creates water vapor mists of leave trails on the last level. Don’t drive through the water vapor trails.
1 nitro upgrade
1 engine upgrade super high revs and gears manual
1 tires upgrade rain/snow tires

Level 4 City Streets
Some parts of the city level has wet roads. There are speed boosts and slick oil tracks. Winding and straight nitro boost zones. Pass other cars and avoid traffic. Watch out for those pedestrians!

The level boss is a drifting master. The tires and top speed engine means that the boss can take fast turns around winding curves. And the top speed sets it ahead really fast on the straight narrow paths. Each drift that is successful provides a temporary boost to your speed. You can ram the boss on this level.
1 nitro upgrade 
1 Engine upgrades top speed
1 tires upgrade drifts

Level 5 Skateboard Power Flags Collection Completion
Collect all flags with skateboard. Collect additional boards.
The last level is a time trial with some jumps.

The last boss is a giant brown vicious dragon that chases the skater into a giant track with vert jumps over ledges and into the final goal. The dragon forces the player forwards by chasing the player. You can end the game at various parts of the final level. There is one golden path to reach a green final goal and there are three other final wrong paths that give less final points. You can wipe out at any part and still pick up bonus points.

Find women and rescue women. They are not hitchhikers. They are rescued women from the monster that drops the women and that you collect and save. Some are men that fall and are prisoners that you rescue.

Now you have to get married. And choose a wedding car to drive away into the sunset in!

That’s is the end of the car options level.

The game resets.

